What's going on? Forget it,
You are here. Just these ghost boys.
He couldn't afford the money, but he really wanted to see this colorful tea and Hu Jin.
Yes, it’s time to eat. Look, what is broken?
Since then, I don’t know that heaven guides the earth,
He thinks you are definitely enjoying it.
Alumni, I am Cai Cha Hu Jin,
Not counterfeit. I just bought it too,
Where did you get the news from?
Don't worry about this person. your tea tree,
I definitely don't want it.
Forget it, you ask him to talk nonsense too,
This kid is the most expensive,
I guess he just wanted to steal something
If I don't say it
The anger of these fifty million dollars
So what do you want to see?
if you lose
Why don't you go get these 50 million, good boy?
Since you don’t want to die
Then I will play with you
if you said
I think you won't be tired if they plan to
Then go to the county
Go and see how many people are there, boy?
I'll see how you die soon